30 years ago
China-Mongolia Border
Thirty years ago,
a massive spacequake devastated the center of Eurasia,
resulting in an incredible 150 million deaths.
And now...
A dry wind blows
Dare mo ga utsumuku machi (Dead or Alive)
through the streets of a forsaken town.
Kawaita kaze fukinuketeku
My eyes seek the light
Hikari motometa hitomi (Dead or Alive)
yet only see despair.
Utsuru no wa zetsubou dake
I scream out into nothingness.
Dare ni mo todokanai sakebi
Please find me and make it stop!
Sagasu sono te de tomete
In this broken world,
Nani mo kamo kowareta sekai de
I can't tell black from white,
Wake mo wakaranai mama ni
so I'm still wary of the kindness you show me.
Fureta yasashisa ga mada kowakute
I wonder if your love will fill this gap in my heart
Ana no aita kokoro no sukima umetekureru hito wa kimi nano
Make your choice—Date A Live.
Erande Date A Live
Episode 1
April 10th
I'm being woken by my little sister in the most dreadful way possible.
Kotori, my adorable little sister.
What's wrong, my darling brother?
Get off of me! You're heavy!
Gouf!
You just said "Gouf!"
That's a mobile suit!
Hey! Why are you going back to sleep?
Wake up! Wake up, Onii-chan!
Wake up!
Run for it, Kotori.
Huh?
I've got the "If you don't let me sleep for at least another 10 minutes,
I will tickle my little sister uncontrollably" virus.
Also known as the T-virus.
What?!
Run, Kotori... while I can still control myself!
B-But... What'll happen to you?!
Forget about me! As long as you're safe...
Quickly!
But then... Onii-chan!
Good grief.
I'm so scared! The T-virus is gonna get me!
Calm down. I'm all right now.
O-Onii-chan?
There's nothing to be afraid of.
I'm your friend!
Early this morning, a small spacequake occurred on the outskirts of Tengu City.
Only minor damage was done to the area, and there have been no reported injuries.
Currently, there are still no explanations as to what is behind the spacequakes.
Another one? It's nearby, too.
Yeah.
Spacequakes.
Widespread disturbances of space of unknown origin.
As the name suggests, it's when a region of space shakes, destroying all within.
Nobody knows why they happen.
After the great disaster thirty years ago,
there were numerous spacequakes across the globe for the next six months.
Here in Japan, the one that leveled the area
which we live in now is the most well known.
The Great South Kanto Area Spacequake.
There were no more in the following 25 years,
but starting five years ago,
beginning in our reformed Tengu city,
the spacequakes have been on the rise.
To make things worse,
Japan's getting most of them.
Haven't they been happening a lot lately?
Sure have.
We might have to move up the schedule.
Hey! We're about to have breakfast!
Jeez...
Make sure you eat all your breakfast, too.
Of course!
I love you, Onii-chan!
Is there anything in particular you'd like for lunch?
Opening Ceremony
The Deluxe Kids' Lunch!
That's something you'd find at a diner.
I'm sorry, but you won't find that here.
What? But I want it!
Please! Please!
I'm begging you, Onii-chan!
Deluxe Kids' Lunch!
Having lunch at a diner!
It's nothing to be that happy about.
I'm still happy. Thanks for taking me, Onii-chan.
Let's meet up here when you get out of school, okay?
Got it.
I mean it! You have to keep your promise!
Even if terrorists take over the restaurant, you'll still have to come!
If that happened, we wouldn't be eating at all.
You made your point, so off to school with you.
Isn't that Itsuka-kun?
Those two are way too touchy-feely.
So he really does have a thing for his sister.
Gross.
It's definitely a promise!
You have to come even if there's a spacequake!
Yeah. I get it already, so get going.
Good morning, Itsuka.
Hey, Tonomachi.
Glad to see you're starting the semester in top condition.
Well, there's a rumor about him, too.
They say Tonomachi swings both ways.
Gross.
What's wrong?
I think I just saw the super genius.
Gross.
But really, what a coincidence this is, Itsuka.
Being in your class once again makes me believe that we are fated to be together.
You think so?
Oh, excuse me. It's my girlfriend.
Since when have you had a girlfriend?
Let me introduce you. Here.
That's a dating sim!
A girlfriend is a girlfriend. Stop being so close-minded!
These games teach the user all one needs to know about interacting with women!
They're practically textbooks on dating.
This "Fall in Love: My Little Seed" is real-time and is especially—
Itsuka Shido.
Me?
Yes.
Why do you know my name?
Don't you remember?
Hey, who is that?
You're telling me you don't know about Tobiichi Origami, the super genius?
Tobiichi...
Origami?
She's got the highest grades in our year, including P.E.
And to top it off, she's a real beauty.
She's always been one of the top three girls I'd like to date.
To think you don't know about the most famous person in our school...
That said, why does Tobiichi know you?
That's what I'd like to know.
Oh, it's Tama-chan!
Good morning!
I'll be your homeroom teacher for the year.
My name is Okamine Tamae.
Tobiichi Origami.
Why do you know who I am?
Why are you looking at me?
What is it? What is it that you want from me?!
Itsuka, let's go home together.
Sorry, I've already got plans.
Oh? With a girl?
You could say that. Just Kotori, though.
I know.
From my investigations,
I've concluded that no girl would ever agree to have lunch with you.
That's going too far.
A spacequake has been detected in the area.
A spacequake warning?
There's a quake coming?
This is not a drill. Please evacuate to your nearest shelter. I repeat: a spacequake—
Let's find shelter. We should be fine in the school's bunker.
Tobiichi?
"Contriella aura avu yutorimme skalv."
"Intensitetto folto shigelsa tori conma fein."
"Monsto matchinihi Princess!"
It's here.
I repeat: a spacequake has been detected in the area.
SPACEQUAKE ALERT
ANNOUNCEMENT
This is not a drill. Please evacuate to your nearest shelter.
I repeat: a spacequake has been detected in the area.
Calm down, everyone! Don't forget the three S's! Single file, steady line, skeletons!
Miss, you need to calm down.
Y-Y-You're right.
I hope Kotori managed to find shelter, too.
Please don't tell me she was serious about the promise.
You have to come even if there's a spacequake!
You're not waiting in front of the diner, are you?
You went to the nearest shelter, right?
Calm down. She just can't hear her
phone because the shelter's so noisy.
That must be it.
I should check her GPS location, just in case.
Just to make sure. Just to make sure she's not...
Hey, Itsuka!
I love you, Onii-chan!
Why?!
Thanks, Onii-chan!
Why are you waiting for me when the whole city's shut down?!
Kotori, Kotori, Kotori!
Wh-What the...
What's she doing down there?
You, too?
You're here to kill me, too?
You're here to kill me, aren't you?
If that's the case, I will finish you here and now.
W-Wait! Hold on!
There is no way I'd do that!
What?
I'd never kill someone.
Who are you, anyway?
Why won't you realize the futility of it all?
Why is this girl...
She has such strength... but looks so despondent.
Tobiichi Origami?
Itsuka Shido?
Wh-What the heck are you wearing?
Location: FJ-1820.
Target: Princess.
Target lost.
Insufficient readings to continue tracking.
Huh?
What?
Target is lost.
It's been a while.
At last, we meet again.
Who are you?
I'm so happy.
But please, just wait a little longer.
I will never let you go. I won't ever make a mistake again.
So...
Looks like you're awake.
Wh-Who are you?
I am the analysis officer here, Murasame Reine.
No need to worry. I may not be a doctor, but I can take care of basic nursing.
That not exactly what I want to hear.
Um, would you mind telling me where I am?
Fraxinus' sickbay.
We brought you here while you were unconscious.
Fraxi... Unconscious...?
Ah, that's right. I got caught in the middle of a battle.
Kotori!
My little sister! I'm looking for my little sister!
She was outside a diner and not in a shelter. And then...
Calm down.
She's fine.
Huh? What?
I know there are plenty of things you would like to know,
but I'm not the person who can explain them to you.
The commander will answer any questions you have.
He's here.
Thank you.
Hello there. I'm the vice commander, Kannazuki Kyouhei.
Pleased to meet you.
Kotori?
Welcome aboard. I welcome you to my command center, the Ratatoskr.
Angle of approach, clear. Activate ANS.
Disconnect.
Good work, Origami.
Captain Kusakabe...
You need to take better care of yourself.
These things are called Spirits, which we just lost.
In other words, she disappeared.
And this is—
H-Hold a second!
What now?
You're already making the commander give you a personal explanation.
You should be shedding tears of joy for such an honor.
For now, I'll give you the privilege of licking my feet.
R-Really?!
Not you!
Th-Thank you!
You are Kotori, right?
What's this? Have you forgotten the face of your own little sister, Shido?
What'd you just call me?!
I knew you had an awful memory,
but I never thought it was that bad.
Maybe I should already be looking for a retirement home for you.
What are you doing here? And where are we?
And also
Yes, yes. We'll fill you in on all the details later,
but for now, I want you to understand this.
First of all, she is a Spirit.
They are beings who did not originally exist in this world.
Upon coming here, they can't help but blow the area up.
Blow it up?
Not very bright, are you?
In other words, the phenomenon referred to as spacequakes
are caused by Spirits like this one coming to Earth.
What
She... did that?
Second, these are the AST.
They're the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force's Anti-spirit Team.
If a Spirit appears, these guys fly over and deal with the situation.
Basically, they slaughter them.
S-Slaughter?!
You're here to kill me, too?
Third, there is another method of dealing with the Spirits, apart from the AST.
However, it requires your help.
My help?
You'll begin training tomorrow.
I'll have someone do the paperwork for you, but for now, you should go to school like—
H-Hold up!
What is this "training"?
And what are you planning to make me do?
I didn't ask for your input.
I'll take nothing other than "Yes," from you.
I know you're an idiot, but why were you outside?
Got a death wish?
I was looking for you!
You're the one who said I'd have to come even if there was a spacequake!
Sure, I said that, but you must be some kind of blockhead to actually take it seriously.
Of course I did!
Your cellphone wasn't moving from outside the diner!
My cellphone?
Ah, I should've known.
We're directly above that diner.
Huh?
Turn the filter off.
We're currently 15,000 meters above Tengu City.
We're inside the airship Fraxinus.
The Following Day
Um, although it's only been two days since the term started,
we'll be having a new assistant homeroom teacher with us.
I'm Murasame Reine.
I teach Physics.
Nice to met
Physics preparation room
Why are you suddenly a teacher here?
What's going on, analysis officer Murasame?
Just call me Reine, Shintarou.
No, my name is Shido.
I see. My bad, Shin.
Are you even trying to get it right?!
But that's not the point here.
I'll be able to reach you quickly in case anything happens.
You could've figured that out if you used your head a little,
you lowly stinkbug.
Never mind that. What are you doing here?
What happened to going to school?
I made the proper arrangements.
So... will you finally explain what you're planning to make me do?
Once you've used this training software, you'll soon understand.
Reine.
A-A dating sim?
This looks just like the one Tonomachi played.
It isn't the same!
Take a closer look.
"My Little Shido?"
Special Disaster-causing Organisms
residing between worlds.
Origin and reason for existence are both unknown.
Upon appearing in this world,
they trigger spacequakes,
causing immense damage in the area.
Countermeasure:
extermination with weapons.
However, this is extremely difficult due to their advanced combat capabilities.
Good morning, Onii-tan!
It's me, Ririko!
Looks like things are going downhill.
But I know that you'll sort it all out!
I'm sure you can do it!
Hey, Shido,
you wouldn't want to hurt or kill the Spirits, would you?
But if you let them be, they'll cause more spacequakes.
Why don't we persuade them, then?
They need to like this world.
You know what they say, "The world looks much better when you're in love."
Which means, Itsuka-kun...
Which means...
You have to
date her, date her!
Make the Spirits fall for you!
With friendly chatting...
...lovey-dovey dates...
...and your utmost charm!
That's Shido-kun's...
Itsuka-kun's...
Onii-tan's...
...mission!
There you have it!
Good luck with your training!
You saw me yesterday.
Yeah.
Don't tell anyone.
As a matter of fact, you should forget everything you saw yesterday.
About that girl, too?
Tell me, Tobiichi. Is that girl...
She's a Spirit.
Something I must defeat at all costs.
Are they really that bad?
It was a Spirit's fault that five years ago my parents...
died.
Before the world ends, kill me or kiss me.
Sekai ga owaru mae ni kill or kiss
I don't know a thing about love,
Mada koi no "ko" no ji mo shiranai no ni
so I can't believe I got into a relationship without any kind of tutorial.
Aa doushite tutorial mo naku jissen
My feelings make me get ahead of myself all the time.
Kimochi dake flying shite saizensen
And every time you act aloof, I get into a panic.
Kuuru na kimi hajikare panikku
I'm struggling to figure out how much you love me.
Koukando no nami ni furimawasarete
Maybe I'm getting toyed with, or maybe even worse than that.
Asobareteru omocha mocha sore ika
It's long way
I'll keep running at full speed
Hateshinasugiru kimi e no michinori wo
along the endless road leading to you.
zensokuryoku de hashiri tsuzukeruyo
Will I get to see you again? Will you trust me?
Mata aemasuka shinjite kuremasuka
Let's save the world with something that isn't exactly love!
Koi ni nite hi naru mono de save the world
Before the world ends, kill me or kiss me.
Sekai ga owaru mae ni kill or kiss
Just seeing your smile would make my day.
Kimi ga waratte kuretara ureshii no desu
Episode 2
Close Re-encounter